So in the last lecture we added the method to display the image on our place page with all that in place
we can now finally make our page submittal.
So I'll go to the at least template first and on the disabled button I also want to disable the button
if image you are l is equal to an empty string which it is by default where we haven't set an image
so that we're not able to submit this.
If this is indeed an empty string so if no image has been chosen if all of this has been done we took
an image we add a location and we entered all the fields the form Shippey submit a.
And with that we should be able to create a place and store it in some central place.
Now what would be such a central place where could we store it to have access to it from our parts and
are apt to of course we need a service so let's add such a service.
I'm going to add a services folder again in the source folder and add a new places service in this file.
I'm going to export places service class like this.
And then there I went to a private property named places which simply is an array of places.
We do have this place model right stored in the models folder.
So I'm going to import this year and assign an array of such places as a type to displace as property.
And initially it's just an empty array.
As a side note we'll work on permanent device side storage of this data soon so that we can store blace
this year.
Now I want to add placemen that sort of them able to actually set up place.
And here we will simply submit a title which is a string description which is a string location which
is of type location and here we need our own location to be imported from our location model.
And finally I image your L which is a string.
This is d at u r l or excuse me at place method with all those for argument's image your L description
tile and location.
And with the data available we can treat a new place using all that data.
Title description location and image you're all because that's just what our place model expects.
And then we can push this on our array of places.
So this newly created place here that's all.
With that we're adding the place now also we need a way to fetch the places so load places could be
the method name.
And here I simply want to return my array of places.
However with a slice method to just return a copy off it so that we're able to store places and load
a place or load the places.
Now let's go back to the home page and finally work on this to output our old places where we're still
displaying the default content.
Time to get rid of this and it's set up want to display a list of ID cards.
So I'm going to use ion card here like this.
Add energy for on this card.
And I'll loop through all my places and places a property places as a property.
I'd still have to create on this component.
I also want to add a click listener because I want to be able to view the details of the place.
So on open lace and past the place as an argument this method also needs to be created an index card
or place or image and this will automatically lead to a nice styling ironic to will do this when placing
the image inside of a card or this image will be really nicely sitting at the top of our card and lovely
you're going to see it.
And here I want to bind to source property to our place image your L property and below the image.
I'm going to have some content in this card.
Do remember I card content.
Definitely use this in conjunction with image to have it look nice if you're adding an image to your
card.
And then there also the title this title will simply be place title like this and below that I want
to have a paragraph where I say plays description out putting all that data but not the Google Maps
snippet will do this in the detail page in the place page later when we tab on a single place.
So if that were outputting a list of places of course we're not having those places property right now.
So let's go to the home dock TS file to also at this place this property here this should be of type
blace array.
Make sure to import place from our models file and then this is an empty array at the beginning and
then of course I want to populate this array and then want a populated whenever we're loading this page.
So I choose I and you will enter your eye and you will enter.
And in this method here I will simply reach out to my service.
So therefore all at the service to the app module here to the provider's array.
Besides this default ionic error handler I'll also provide my places service.
We saw this before in the Abra Eppes.
Make sure to also at this import at the top of the app module have that in place we can now inject it
here in the constructor of your home not just fall private places.
Service should be injected here.
Make sure to also add to import the file here.
And with that and check that in item view will enter.
I can now said This place is equal to this place a service load places which will be returned me a copy
of the places array.
With that we should see a list of the places we added and we should also be able to add places though
not before hooking up this second method.
Though here we also need to get access to these places service places.
Service needs to be added as an import here in the app place not typescript file too.
And with that the editing on Submit I can now call this place a service at place and submit my place
here.
I can access the title on the form and value property.
The same is true for the description.
And now one but doesn't do a new line to make it a bit easier to read.
And we also need to pass the location where this is stored and the location property is at place page
here remember.
We stored it directly in this property and the same is true for the euro.
This is stored in this image Eurail property here.
So we can pass it like this as we're calling this place Meffert.
In this service there after I want to reset the form and it also want to reset location and image.
So I will set this location equal to this Optik we had here initially like this to reset the location
and I will said image you are l equal to an empty string and set.
This location is set back to false because now we submit that there's.
Now we're back to the new mode with all those emplace.
I'm going to run this online Iowas DeWyze again to see how it looks on there to see if this now works
as it should and if we're now able to add places and display them on a list on our home page.
So the application open on my device.
With that I'm going to add a new location here.
Let's name it.
My home
yea.
When to keep this short and simple.
Also like the location on the map here with confirm and whip's and the Rothera I want to take a photo.
So let's again take this awesome photo of my wall here.
Let's use that photo looks nice and let's now hit at this place.
So it reset the form.
This looks good.
It didn't remove the map area so we should work on this.
But if we go back on awesome places we kind of see the place here though it doesn't really display the
image right so something's wrong with the image it doesn't display this correctly so it kind of works
the image is missing though.
And here we should definitely dismiss or remove this map area once we reset the form.
So these are two changes we need to make to make sure that this works correctly.
Turns out that these are two rather too simple to fix issues.
The first first issue is we're not seeing the map here on there's at least template once we set the
form.
We're seeing the old image but the overall image you're all to be an empty string.
Therefore it's still kind of has the borders of the old image.
But suddenly when we remove the u r l.
So in order to remove this year two I can simply place the NGF directive on the wrapping row and say
only display this image.
Your.
Is not an empty string.
Well on the home page the issue simply was I'm accessing place image which you are l here because I've
used it which you are and the arrow files but in my place model I actually chose image path.
So either change tissue or Al here or we use image path in the home template.
Now I'm going to change it to image your else and so I use doesn't the rest of the application.
So if there's some place we're now setting this property and therefore we're now accessing the right
property again.
So now we should also see it on our front page.
Now with that in place if I now rerun ironic run iOS device like this we should now see that it will
work and we don't have this empty frame on our place page once we're done and that we do actually see
our image on the home page.
So let's see if it works as we expect it to work back in the application going to hit that tap at this
place.
I can either and yet it's my home.
I try to keep those text short here.
So let's just enter home here too.
Let's select a location on the map.
This one here maybe.
And now let's take a photo.
So let's take this photo here use it again we see it here of course.
Now let's hit at this place.
Now you see does this reset correctly.
And if we go back we did see this nice card here with our photo in place.
So that really works as it should.
Next step is to be able to tap this here to open it in detail view and maybe all centered there was
Ted's text below the image.
Let's work on those things in the next lecture.